
# Help Black Lives in Ukraine  
You can help by donating, following these orgs on social media to stay informed, spreading the word & volunteering.
Resource | Description 
--- | ---
[Black Foreigners in Ukraine](https://www.blackforeignersinukraine.org/funding-options.html) | Since Friday, 25th February, 2022, there has been a small but mighty effort by dedicated individuals around the globe connected by technology, who are working to help Black, African and other marginalized foreigners and students escape Ukraine. This effort is under the volunteer coalition of Black Foreigners in Ukraine (BFU). <br>BFU supports individuals by providing funds for transportation, connecting people to on-the-ground volunteer escape vehicles, transferring crypto funds for food and temporary housing, and working to create partnerships with universities so that students may continue their studies upon leaving Ukraine. After widespread reports of racism and discrimination at various transport stations and border points in Ukraine, civilians around the world mobilized and have coordinated efforts to get foreigners safely out of Ukraine – with a focus on Black and African students. <br>While we have overseen the evacuation and relocation of at least 200 Black foreign nationals, more work needs to be done and this fundraiser ensures that the continuous work of dozens of volunteers progress, where all funds raised go to only the victims of this tragic invasion.
[Black Women for Black Lives](https://blackwomenforblacklives.org/) | It all started with a tweet. Three Black women came together to raise money to rescue Black lives, especially students, who were being discriminated against while trying to flee a war torn Ukraine. <br>What started as three strangers taking action in the face of a crisis, has turned into a movement of several volunteers raising and disbursing funds, teaming up with partners on ground and globally, and providing resources and support Black people as they flee Ukraine and attempt to relocate and rebuild their lives. 

